initial copy of documentation (#78)
facebookresearch/HolisticTraceAnalysis: docs/source/features/lightweight_critical_path_analysis.rst

.. vim: syntax-rst

Lightweight Critical Path Analysis
==================================

TLDR
----
-  This feature presents a performs a basic single rank critical path analysis. We demonstrated a walkthrough of using the tool.
-  Additionally, we dive into assumptions made and implementation principles.

Introduction
------------

The key idea behind critical path analysis is to find operations in a large system that constitute the **longest path** between start and end.

> An operation on the critical path can realistically affect the overall performance of the program, i.e.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An operation on the critical path can significantly impact the program's overall performance. In other words, reducing the duration of that operation will result in a measurable change in the overall timing.
```
